feat(snowflake): compute metadata (#445)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: doc/metadata.md

> *The DataSlice object containing extracted Data, is enriched with metadata computed from query execution. Below is the meta data list and a note explaining how they are calculated.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The DataSlice object contains extracted Data, it is enriched with metadata computed from query execution. Below is the metadata list and a note explaining how they are calculated.*
```

> # H1 Where these metadata will be available ? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Where will these metadata be available ? 
```

> In order to provide access to these metada at each point where data are retrieved, a DataSlice object will be returned  instead of DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DataSlice object will be returned  instead of DataFrame by each method that retrieve data, in order to provide access to these metadata everywhere. 
```

> # H1 Metadata list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Metadata list
```

* input_parameters: dict: a dict which contains an extensible list of parameters extracted from user’s input for example

> * limit, extracted from the query itself
> 
> * offset, extracted from the query itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * limit, extracted from the query itself

    * offset, extracted from the query itself
```

* stats: QueryStats, it contains various statistics computed from the query execution for example:

    * total_rows: int total rows returned by the query. See details below.
    
    * total_returned_rows: int total of rows returned by the executed query. This value is capped by the max number of rows retrievable by query (set at the instance level).

    * execution_time: float, in milliseconds. See below for more details

    * conversion_time: float: same

    * df_memory_size: int the size of extracted data in bytes.

> # H1 Metadata computation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Metadata computation
```

* input_parameters

> It contains all parameters we ware able to extract from input. In the context of a Snowflake (or SQL) data extraction, we implemented the extraction of limit & offset directly from the query using regular expressions (here, and here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains all parameters we were able to extract from input. In the context of a Snowflake (or SQL) data extraction, we implemented the extraction of limit & offset directly from the query using regular expressions.
```

* Stats

> This object will collect various stats such as times, sizes, row numbers etc..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object will collect various stats such as execution times, sizes, row numbers etc..
```
